proposal-template.md, before:

# Application form for starting/continuing a SIG

## What is/will be the name of the SIG?
<!--  Pick a name that reflects the goal of the SIG.
      Make it specific enough to be meaningful,
      but broad enough to give you room  to shift focus when necessary.  -->

## Which two persons will act as SIG Leads?
<!--  Please make sure to have two SIG leads to reduce bus factor.
      SIG leads are allowed to write the hours dedicated to organizing
      SIG activities under the R&D budget. Please mention in the notes the
      name of your SIG:
        Account: 000104
        Project: 020203
        Hour type: 00071
        Notes: Hours for X SIG
       -->
- the first person
- the second person

## What is SIG’s mission?
<!--  help text goes here  -->
The mission of your SIG should align with the organization’s mission.

## What is the GitHub repository of the SIG use?
<!--  Please transfer your SIG existing repo to this GitHub organization  -->
https://github.com/nlesc-sigs/<some-repo>

## What is the Office group that the SIG uses?
<!--  help text goes here  -->

## SIG outcomes in the period April 2020 - October 2020 (for existing SIGs)
<!--  As a simple list of activities in this period is enough.  -->

## Plans for the period until the end of April 2021
<!--  help text goes here  -->
In this section, list what plans you have for this SIG. Describe each plan according to the following format:

- **title 1**: context 1
- **title 2**: context 2
- etc

For the title, describe your plan in just a few words. For the context, describe briefly and concretely what is the plan.

## What are the expected outputs of the SIG?
<!--  Think of internal as welll as external disemination targets -->

Commit message:

Software Sustainability SIG proposal for Fall 2020

proposal-template.md, after:

# Application form for starting/continuing a SIG

## What is/will be the name of the SIG?
Software Sustainability SIG (S^3)

## Which two persons will act as SIG Leads?
- Mateusz Kuzak
- Carlos Martinez-Ortiz

## What is SIG’s mission?
Sharing knowledge about best practices regarding research software development,
e.g. in relation (but not limited) to:
   - code quality
   - version control
   - software engineering
   - testing
   - continuous integration
   - software citation
   - FAIR software
- Act as a signpost for questions regarding sustainability of research software

## What is the GitHub repository of the SIG use?
https://github.com/nlesc-sigs/software-sustainability

## What is the Office group that the SIG uses?
softwaresustainability@esciencecenter.nl

## SIG outcomes in the period April 2020 - October 2020 (for existing SIGs)
- Wrote a proposal "Software sustainability in the new structure of the eScience Center" as an input for restructuring teams.
- Coordinated contributions to the Turing Way
- Organised Guide / Turing Way sprints
- Reviewed practices around Code Review
- Initialised the development of Agile Lesson by Agile SIG
- Developed Reusability Checklist


## Plans for the period until the end of April 2021
- **Organise Reusabilathon**: Organize sprint in which we evaluate selected eScience Center Software based on reusability checklist.
- **Organize internal training**: organize internal workshops to promote good
  practices (following the guide).
- **Guide sprints** organise sprints to work on the eScience center guide and further integrate it with The Turing Way.

## What are the expected outputs of the SIG?
- meeting notes
- reusability evaluation of software
- contributions to the Guide and the Turing Way
