proposals/visualization.md, before:

# Application form for starting a SIG


## What will be the name of the SIG
Visualization SIG

## Which two persons will act as SIG Lead?
Maarten van Meersbergen
Jaro Camphuijsen

## What is the SIG’s mission?
The mission of the Visualization SIG is summarized as follows:
- To enhance the escience center's understanding in the broadest sense of the word in the fields of 
    - Scientific Visualization
    - Information Visualization
- With ancillary knowledge gathering in the fields of
    - Computer Graphics
    - Virtual and Augmented Reality
    - Citizen Science 
    - Serious Games
    - Visual Storytelling
- To discuss challenges posed related to these fields and 
- (potentially) come up with novel solutions to these challenges

## What GitHub repository will the SIG use?
https://github.com/nlesc-sigs/visualization

## What Office group will the SIG use?
visualization@esciencecenter.nl

## Plans for period until end of April 2020
**Related Projects**
The RECEIPT project has started, will run for 4 years, and will provide ample opportunities for the application of knowledge in the fields this SIG supports.

eWaterCycle II
TICCLAT 
Algorithmic Geo Visualization

**Related Events**
For all these events, it should be discussed if 'someone' in the SIG should go and report back in the form of an in-SIG presentation. A (short) written report should also be made available on the SIG GitHub page. The amount of + behind each entry gives some insight in their relative importance, the amount of $ is an indication of the cost to attend, including travel costs.

October 11th 2019: Infographics conference in Hilversum, relevant talks on data visualization and data journalism. https://www.infographicscongres.eu/ ++ $

November 8th 2019: SURF organizes the VARR out event, which will be attended by members. The knowledge gained from this event will be presented in the SIG for those that could not attend.
https://www.surf.nl/en/agenda/varr-out-event-virtual-and-augmented-reality-for-research/programma + $

November 19–22 2019, Open Visualization Conference https://odsc.com/london/open-visualization-conference/, London + $$$

May 14-16 2020, OpenVIS conference http://www.openvisconf.com/, a two-day, single track conference centered around the practice of visualizing data with open source tools on the web, Paris ++, $$

May 25-29 2020, EuroVis, a visualisation conference organised every year by the Eurographics Working Group on Data Visualisation, Norrköping, Sweden ++++ $$$

July 19-23 2020: SIGGRAPH 2020 international conference & exhibition on computer graphics & interactive techniques in Washington DC. ++++ $$$$

October 2020 IEEE Vis conference on cutting edge research and innovations in data visualisation in Salt Lake City, USA ++++ $$$$

## What are the expected outputs of the proposed SIG?
Written reports on the attendance of related conferences.

Commit message:

more goals and add resources

proposals/visualization.md, after:

# Application form for starting a SIG


## What will be the name of the SIG
Visualization SIG

## Which two persons will act as SIG Lead?
- Maarten van Meersbergen
- Paul Meelis (SURF/Sara)
- Jaro Camphuijsen


## What is the SIG’s mission?
The mission of the Visualization SIG is summarized as follows:
- To enhance the escience center's understanding in the broadest sense of the word in the fields of 
    - Scientific Visualization
    - Information Visualization
- With ancillary knowledge gathering in the fields of
    - Computer Graphics
    - Virtual and Augmented Reality
    - Citizen Science 
    - Serious Games
    - Visual Storytelling
- To discuss challenges posed related to these fields and 
- (potentially) come up with novel solutions to these challenges
- Apply acquired knowledge to NLeSC projects
- Outreach and education of best practices and skills for employees, project partners and other interested parties

## What GitHub repository will the SIG use?
https://github.com/nlesc-sigs/visualization

## What Office group will the SIG use?
visualization@esciencecenter.nl

## Plans for period until end of April 2020
**Related Projects**
We aim to apply the acquired knowledge and skills in running and new projects of the members of this SIG and report on that through blogs or visualization (see output). A few examples of running projects where visualizations play a role are:

- The RECEIPT project,  has started, will run for 4 years, and will provide ample opportunities for the application of knowledge in the fields this SIG supports.

- eWaterCycle II, explorer, forecast, results(future) blablabla

- TICCLAT 

- Algorithmic Geo Visualization (Thijs van Lankveld)

**Related Events**
For all these events, it should be discussed if 'someone' in the SIG should go and report back in the form of an in-SIG presentation. A (short) written report should also be made available on the SIG GitHub page. The amount of + behind each entry gives some insight in their relative importance, the amount of $ is an indication of the cost to attend, including travel costs.

- October 11th 2019: Infographics conference in Hilversum, relevant talks on data visualization and data journalism. https://www.infographicscongres.eu/ ++ $

- November 8th 2019: SURF organizes the VARR out event, which will be attended by members. The knowledge gained from this event will be presented in the SIG for those that could not attend.
https://www.surf.nl/en/agenda/varr-out-event-virtual-and-augmented-reality-for-research/programma + $

- November 19–22 2019, Open Visualization Conference https://odsc.com/london/open-visualization-conference/, London + $$$

- May 14-16 2020, OpenVIS conference http://www.openvisconf.com/, a two-day, single track conference centered around the practice of visualizing data with open source tools on the web, Paris ++, $$

- May 25-29 2020, EuroVis, a visualisation conference organised every year by the Eurographics Working Group on Data Visualisation, Norrköping, Sweden ++++ $$$

- July 19-23 2020: SIGGRAPH 2020 international conference & exhibition on computer graphics & interactive techniques in Washington DC. ++++ $$$$

- October 2020 IEEE Vis conference on cutting edge research and innovations in data visualisation in Salt Lake City, USA ++++ $$$$

## What are the expected outputs of the proposed SIG?
- Presentations/blogs on the attendance of related conferences.
- Presentations/blogs on lessons learned/best practices in data visualization.
- Organize open workshops (together with SURF) on several topics in visualization.
- 

## What are the expected resources needed for this SIG?
- Travel budget to visit conferences for SIG members
- Time to do stuff for members  #TODO
- Time to organise for organizers  #TODO
-
